W&B Agent: Release (#2618)
wandb/docs: agent/agent_overview.mdx

---
title: "Overview"
---

<Warning>
The W&B Agent is in active development and in private preview. Contact W&B [Support](mailto:support@wandb.com) to request access to this feature.
</Warning>

> W&B Agent is your personalized AI research assistant helping you analyze experiments and understand results. The W&B Agent can help you investigate your project's data, find patterns across runs, recommend next steps, build visualizations, reports and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W&B Agent is your personalized AI research assistant, helping you analyze experiments and understand results. The W&B Agent can help you investigate your project's data, find patterns across runs, recommend next steps, build visualizations, reports and more.
```
Fixing a run-on

---
title: "Overview"
---

<Warning>

> The W&B Agent is in active development and in private preview. Contact W&B Support at support@wandb.com to request access to this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The W&B Agent is in active development and in private preview. Contact W&B [Support](mailto:support@wandb.com) to request access to this feature.
```

</Warning>

> Use W&B Agent as your personalized AI research assistant that helps you analyze experiments and understand results. The W&B Agent can help you investigate your project's data, find patterns across runs, recommend next steps, build visualizations, reports and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W&B Agent is your personalized AI research assistant, helping you analyze experiments and understand results. W&B Agent can help you investigate your project's data, find patterns across runs, recommend next steps, build visualizations, reports and more.
```
I'd standardize either having The or not having The, before W&B Agent.

<Frame>

>     <img src="/images/agent/agent_basic.png" alt="W&B Agent overview" />

Reviewer: Nit: The alt text could be a bit better

</Frame>

> Common tasks your W&B Agent can assist with include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W&B Agent can assist with common tasks:
```

> * Analyzing your experiments to find patterns and insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Analyze your experiments to find patterns and insights.
```
I'd standardize on simple verbs or gerunds. I went with simple verbs in the suggestions.

* Propose next steps for your experiments, such as recommending hyperparameters to try.

> * Creating new plot and panels to visualize your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create new plot and panels to visualize your data.
```

> * Building saved views and reports to share insights with your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build saved views and reports to share insights with your team.
```

> To chat with the agent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chat with the agent in your project's workspace.

1. From any project, click **W&B Agent** at the upper right corner of the page.
    <Frame>
        <img src="/images/agent/agent_location.png" alt="Location of W&B Agent in the UI" />
    </Frame>
2. In the modal, enter your question or request, then click the **Send** button, which has an upward-pointing arrow.
```
Thought here is to avoid a 2-step procedure

1. Navigate to your project's workspace.
2. Click on the W&B Agent button in the upper-right corner of the page.
    <Frame>
        <img src="/images/agent/agent_location.png" alt="Location of W&B Agent in the UI" />
    </Frame>
3. In the modal, enter your question or request.

> 4. Click **Send** (button with an up arrow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
